> Allowing comparisons on types other than numbers could be useful. The operators might have a reasonable interpretation for strings. Even comparisons among mixed types, like 3 < "pancake" could be handy to enable things like ordered collections of heterogeneous types. Or it could simply lead to bugs and confusion.

> Would you extend Lox to support comparing other types? If so, which pairs of types do you allow and how do you define their ordering? Justify your choices

I don't know how classes are supposed to behave. A way to deal with this which is Open To Extension
And Closed To Modification™ would be to add support for classes to overload the `{!,=}=` `<{,=}` `>{,=}`
operators.

Given that I don't actually expect Lox to add operator overloading, or even if it does, the question
still remains for native types:

I wouldn't support comparisons of different types. Doing so implicitly is a way to have bugs
since the conversions are quite opaque to junior devs, and can catch distracted senior devs with
their pants down as well. My main reason for this is that having no guarantees on the type of a
variable means you can have a comparison behave unexpectedly because of its value being
semantically what you expect but compare differently because of being of the wrong type. Having the
interpreter error out in this cases makes sure the developer can deal with this as soon as possible.

I would, however, add a `typeof` operator or something similar so users of the language can define
their own orders between heterogeneous types.

> and compare them to other languages.

In my not-so-extense knowledge of programming languages, implicit type coercions are a consequence
of:

- The language not being actually very typed (eg: how everything is a string in a POSIX shell, or
how in 'real' C programs most variables are pointers and comparing them yields the difference in
their memory addresses, which is most of the time completely useless from a domain perspective)

- Trying to lean very hard on being a scripting language to cobble things together quickly. When
used for larger projects, then it becomes a problem and extensivemeasures are taken to mitigate its
side effects. Think of how `eqeqeq` is not a controversial eslint rule at all nowadays, but having
`5 == "5"` was a thing that totally made your day easier when javascript was only used to add bells
and whistles to html forms
