> This informal introduction leaves a lot unspecified. List several open questions you have about the language’s syntax and semantics. What do you think the answers should be?

- why are function definitions statements? wouldn't it be simpler to have `fun` return a value, and
have that assigned to a name with var (if applicable, perhaps you want to use an IIFD)?

I don't think this'd be a huge problem, and be simpler to implement, however, it adds some
familiarity, and if the benefits to simplicity are limited if there are still other ways to add
things to the symbol table (such as class definitions)

Oh, right! recursion! it's easier to have the function have a name and call it back rather than to
have a keyword to call the current function. or, well, the nth outer function, given that the
language supports closures.

- what about arrays? ...we have arrays, right?
I think they'll be added, but they're not interesting to describe the language. Perhaps they make
memory management a bit more fun or easier to debug

- Does it have any functionality to import files from elsewhere, or defines modules?
Probably doesn't add anything interesting to learn so that's it

- Do builtin types have any attributes? Can I introspect on the arity of a function? 
Probably not. That'll probably limit how much functional programming can happen, since for example I
woundn't be able to do generic curryfication without knowing the function's arity. Well, I could
pass it as a parameter. Whatever.

PD: I considered implementing currying as described above, but turns out it's hard to do so without
strings. I can perhaps achieve it with recursion, but I want to move on.
