> Likewise, add support for the C-style conditional or “ternary” operator ?:.

syntax: 

    ternary        -> expression ( "?" ternary ":" ternary )* ;
    expression     -> equality ;
    equality       -> comparison ( ( "!=" | "==" ) comparison )* ;
    comparison     -> term ( ( ">" | ">=" | "<" | "<=" ) term )* ;
    term           -> factor ( ( "-" | "+" ) factor )* ;
    factor         -> unary ( ( "/" | "*" ) unary )* ;
    unary          -> ( "!" | "-" ) unary
                | primary ;
    primary        -> NUMBER | STRING | "true" | "false" | "nil"
                | "(" expression ")" ;

> What precedence level is allowed between the ? and :?

any expression, including another ternary, is allowed as the middle operator

> Is the whole operator left-associative or right-associative?

I feel this is a trick question, as if the operator could be middle-associative.
since the repetition is specified as the last part of the definition, I'd guess it's left-associative.

let's see how I would expect two concatenated ternary operators to execute:

```
cond1 ? texpr1 : fexpr1 ? texpr2 : fexpr2;
```

'false expression for first operator' (`fexpr1`)and 'condition for second operator' (`cond2`?) is the same expression.

I'd expect for `cond1` to evaluate, and if it's falsy, `fexpr1` to be evaluated. Then, execute
`texpr2` or `fexpr2` accordingly.

therefore, I'd expect the former to be equivalent to:

```
cond1 ? texpr1 : (fexpr1 ? texpr2 : fexpr2);
```

and not to be equivalent to: 
```
(cond1 ? texpr1 : fexpr1) ? texpr2 : fexpr2;
```

fitting the definition of *right associative*

Is my answer contradictory with how I defined the grammar? I don't know. This is the moment where I
peek into the book's solutions or look the answer up on the internet. That'll come tomorrow.
