> What does the following program do?

> var a = 1;
> {
>   var a = a + 2;
>   print a;
> }

prints 3

> What did you expect it to do?

... kind of expected it to print 3, since the + has more precedence than = , and when evaluating +
there's still no execution related to =

> Is it what you think it should do?

There are other alternatives. There are three actions with 3! possible orderings:

- definition -> assignment -> evaluating a+2 : not sure it makes sense, can't assign if the expression isn't evaluated.
- definition -> evaluating a+2 -> assignment : would error since null+2 isn't valid
- assignment -> definition -> evaluating a+2 : not sure it would make sense even if the grammar didn't have initialization as a special case of variable definition instead of being an assignment
- assignment -> evaluating a+2 -> definition : same as above
- evaluating a+2 -> assignment -> definition : same as above
- evaluating a+2 -> definition -> assignment : this is what's currently happening

Making lox define before initializing wouldn't be too hard, it'd simply imply calling
`environment.define(stmt.name, null)` in `visitVarStmt` before calling `evaluate(stmt.initializer)`.

To me, it's more natural to evaluate the results of expressions before the side effects of
statements, so my answer is yes.

> What does analogous code in other languages you are familiar with do?

I imagined javascript's variable hoisting would make it add undefined and 2, but it turns out it
prints 3

C prints two, it seems to do definition first, and the uninitialized memory happens to be a zero
(this is not guaranteed in the C standard) so it adds 0+2

python does definition first, and errors since it's not legal to reference before assignment.

> What do you think users will expect this to do?

If they're adults they should know they're manipulating a footgun, but what they expect will
probably depend on what other language they're more familiar with.
